Janette
Reach your potential
Unlocking powerful insights

How to select a coach
For coaching to be successful its important to have the right chemistry between you and your coach.  After our first no cost conversation about your goals and how we can work together to achieve them, if we don’t think the chemistry is there, I can suggest someone from my network who maybe more suitable to work with you.  

Why me?
Janette has witnessed the powerful difference that her coaching has made to individuals and their businesses. 
With over 20 years of people, organisational and management development experience, I bring a wide range of tools and techniques to support her clients in their behaviour change and development. Janette has coached people in various types and size of organisation, in the public and private sector, and at all levels up to Board Director. She has led two training teams, and reporting at Director level, has been part of the senior management team of a FTSE 100 company. She brings this experience to her performance and leadership development coaching.
Janette has a post-graduate level certificate in Performance Development Coaching and is a member of the Association for Coaching; has an MSc in Management; Associate Member of the CIPD and is PRINT and DiSC accredited. As a trained NLP practitioner, Janette uses NLP techniques in her coaching where appropriate.
As an accredited teacher for the University of Hull Business School, Janette has delivered the first year of an undergraduate Management Development course, and delivered an MSc in Public Management in collaboration with the University of Birmingham.

My style of coaching
My style is non-directive coaching as this is most effective in bringing about behaviour change. This approach, combined with sharing best practice tools and techniques that I have developed during 2 decades of working in leadership development, results in maximum growth and change. It’s a powerful way for you to develop in a bespoke and tailored way.  

I tailor my approach to you as an individual within the specific needs of your business environment. Coaching is a bespoke, time effective way to develop as a leader. I will help you to understand the areas you need to develop and provide you with the best tools to achieve your leadership potential. This will benefit you, your team and the business as a whole.

What I can help you with?
Although people generally come for coaching in specific areas, it isn’t always 

Practicalities
Although I believe the best way to coach is face to face, this can be in person, or via Zoom.  Walking coaching is very powerful, being out in nature helps us to free our mind from the usual constraints.  


PRINT


Photos
121 coaching face to face
Walking coaching
Photo of Zoom Coaching