Reach your potential





Unlocking powerful insights

Are you achieving your potential or is something holding you back?  My goal is to help you to identify what might be holding you back, and to work with you to overcome it, to enable you to reach your potential.  
With over 2 decades of experience in people and leadership development, I believe that the most powerful way to achieve your potential is through tailored coaching.  I adapt my coaching style to meet your unique needs.
Click here to talk to me about achieving your potential






My style of coaching
My style is non-directive coaching as this is most effective in bringing about behaviour change. This approach, combined with sharing best practice tools and techniques that I have developed during 2 decades of working in leadership development, results in maximum growth and change. It’s a powerful way for you to develop in a bespoke and tailored way.  

I tailor my approach to you as an individual within the specific needs of your business environment. Coaching is a bespoke, time effective way to develop as a leader. I will help you to understand the areas you need to develop and provide you with the best tools to achieve your leadership potential. This will benefit you, your team and the business as a whole.

Click here to talk to me about taking the first step out of your comfort zone and getting serious about change





Why me?
Experience - With over 20 years of people, organisational and management development experience, I bring a wide range of tools and techniques to support you in your behaviour change and development. I’ve coached people in various types and size of organisation, in the public and private sector, and at all levels up to Managing Director. I’ve recruited and managed two training teams, and reporting at Director level, been part of a senior management team of a FTSE 100 company. I brings this experience to my coaching.  I’ve witnessed the powerful difference that my coaching has made to individuals and their businesses
Qualifications and professional membership – post-graduate level certificate in Performance Development Coaching and  MSc in Management; PRINT and DiSC accredited. As a trained NLP practitioner, I use NLP techniques in coaching where appropriate. Member of the Association for Coaching, Coaching York and Associate Member of the CIPD. 

What I can help you with?
Although people generally come for coaching in specific areas, this might change after the first few sessions as we work together to understand what might be blocking you from moving forward.  
Some questions I can help you with:
How can I lead my team more effectively?
How can I manage home/remote workers more effectively?
How can I manage specific issues within my team?
How can I have difficult conversations?
How can I manage my toxic boss?
How can I develop my team to be more effective?
How can I build trust?
How can I develop my confidence?
How can I become more assertive?
How can I build my resilience?
How can I overcome ‘imposter syndrome’?
How can I develop specific skills such as time management, decision making, 
My goal is to help you to identify what’s holding you back and how to overcome it.  Click here to talk to me about your goal

Practicalities
During our initial meeting, we’ll agree the best way to work taking into account your goals, work schedule, learning and communication preferences.  
Although I believe the best way to coach is face to face, this can be in person, or via Zoom.  Walking coaching is very powerful, being out in nature helps us to free our mind from the usual constraints; it’s all about what works best for you.  
Coaching is usually time limited and focused on achieving specific goals and outcomes.  This normally takes 4-6 sessions depending on the complexity of the outcomes you want to achieve.  We can amend this as the sessions develop, if you achieve your outcomes in the first session, that’s great!
Coaching is a powerful development tool that we can all benefit from; I want to ensure my coaching is accessible to everyone and charge a lower rate if you are self-funding or work for a charity. 
Click here for a conversation about the practicalities

PRINT


About coaching

Why coaching?


How to select a coach
For coaching to be successful its important to have the right chemistry between you and your coach.  After our first no cost conversation about your goals and how we can work together to achieve them, if we don’t think the chemistry is there, I can suggest someone from my network who maybe more suitable to work with you.  
    1. Click here to talk to me about whether I might be the right coach for you

Photos
121 coaching face to face
Walking coaching
Photo of Zoom Coaching  1