Reach your potential




Unlocking powerful insights
Do you need help to achieve your potential?  Do you have challenges you’d like to overcome?  
Working together in a safe and trusting environment, my aim is to enable you to build a new awareness of yourself to give you the best possible chance of achieving your potential.   I will help you to understand your patterns of behaviour and thinking, to see things from a new perspective, to enable you to step out of your comfort zone, move forward and create change.  At the core of my coaching is my belief that you have the resources you need; I will help you to find them.  Where appropriate, I’ll suggest tools to help you to overcome your challenges.  This approach will benefit you, your team and the business as a whole.

Click here to contact me about taking the first step out of your comfort zone and getting serious about change






What I can help you with?
I’m passionate about helping people to overcome challenges and achieve their potential.  Nothing is too trivial or too difficult to have a conversation about.  Questions and challenges I can help you with include how you can:
    lead my team more effectively
    manage home/remote workers more effectively
    manage specific issues within my team
    have difficult conversations
    manage my toxic boss
    develop my team to be more effective
    build trust
    develop my confidence
    become more assertive
    build my resilience
    deal with conflict
    overcome ‘imposter syndrome’
    explore feedback in a safe environment
    develop specific skills such as time management, decision making, interview skills, presentation skills
    identify my Best Self and Shadow Behaviours (see PRINT® section)
    change my career
 Click here to contact to me about your challenges.






My experience
With over 2 decades of people, organisational and management development experience, I use a wide range of tools and techniques to support you in your behaviour change and development.  I’ve coached people in various types and size of organisation, in the public and private sector, and at all levels up to Managing Director. I’ve recruited and managed two training teams, and reporting at Director level, been part of a senior management team of a FTSE 100 company. I brings this experience to my coaching and tailor my approach to your unique needs.  I’ve witnessed the powerful difference that my coaching has made to individuals and their businesses (see testimonials). I strive to be the best coach I can be through personal development, self-reflection and supervision.



Qualifications and professional membership
    Post-graduate level certificate in Performance Development Coaching
    MSc in Management
    PRINT® and DiSC accredited
    Trained NLP practitioner, I use NLP techniques in coaching where appropriate
    Member of the Association for Coaching, Coaching York and Associate Member of the CIPD. 



Practicalities






Testimonials
Robert
Janette's coaching had a profound effect on me both personally and professionally, Over the course of our sessions, Janette not only gave great and practical advice, she listened and provided a superb mirror for the areas I needed to take responsibility for.
The impact of this was not only an improvement in my performance as a leader, but also it was a huge boost to our entire organisation. I would recommend Janette to anyone wanting to make a positive change in their life.

Hannah
I was lucky enough to have personal coaching with Janette. Janette was not only a great coach professionally but personally helped me with tough decisions. The discussions we had during coaching helped me develop alternate ways of thinking and leading our relatively new team into our most profitable year in a decade.
The time given to coaching enabled me to take a step back, invest time in myself, and in turn, gave the team a boost in their own leadership capabilities. Coaching with Janette was most definitely my best professional investment.






PRINT information
Separate page with resources – eg webinar?




What is coaching
Coaching literally means to transport you from one place to another, part of your journey moving forward and creating change and is founded on a position of trust.  It’s simply a conversation that, done well, can bring about personal insight and sustained behaviour change.  It’s a bespoke, time effective way to develop.
I’d love to be part of your journey, click here to talk to me about how I can help




How to select a coach
For coaching to be successful it’s important to have the right chemistry between you and your coach.  During our first no obligation conversation about your situation and how we might work together, if we don’t think the chemistry is there, I can suggest someone from my network who maybe more suitable to work with you.  
Click here to arrange a chemistry session



Photos
121 coaching face to face
Walking coaching
Photo of Zoom Coaching 

